# box-office-predictor
The movie entertainment business is growing rapidly all over the globe. Every year, we see multiple blockbusters, be it in Hollywood, Bollywood or in other respective film industries. With a plethora of movies releasing every year, consumers are constantly faced with a critical decision: Should we invest our timeand effort in order to purchase a ticket for a particular movie? Is the movie experience gonna be worth it? 

Cinema halls also face a complicated dilemma on whether to screen a particular movie or not. This is because the rate at which films are being released is not slowing down. When a cinema theatre decides to screen a movie, they are spending a lot of resources, hoping that the respective film garners enough attention and praise, so that they can earn more revenue from higher ticket sales. This is the very reason why cinema halls need to make the ultimate decision on which films to screen. Which film will bring in more customers, and which films will generate a higher revenue?

Both customers and cinema halls could utilise a system, where they could see an estimated box office prediction foran upcoming release.

Customers may be swayed by the box office numbers, and it may factor into their decision on whether to watch a designated film on the big screen. If a box office prediction is considerably low, the customer may feel it does not belong to the general audience, and hence, they may decide not to waste their time and money on the designated release.

Cinema halls may use the box office predictions to ultimately decide on whether to screen the film or not. A higher box-office prediction will indicate a higher revenue generated for the cinema hall by screening the respective film. They will make higher ticket sales, more revenue on snacks, a better reputation among movie buffs for screening popular filmsetc.